Open Settings, then Operations, then Cancellation Reasons.
p02
This is a list page,
p03
and it is the doorway into a shape you will meet on nearly every screen in WashCentral.
p04
Learn it once here, and the rest of the platform stops surprising you.
p05
Look across the top.
p06
Three tiles count the list below:
p07
how many reasons exist, how many reach the POS, and how many stay hidden.
p08
Numbers on top, records underneath.
p09
The same shape you met on the customer lists.
p10
Now the card itself.
p11
A title, a search box scoped to these reasons, and one green button to add a record.
p12
When a list runs long, you search it instead of scrolling.
p13
Read the columns.
p14
Each row is a single reason: what it says, and whether the register shows it.
p15
One row, one record.
p16
Click any row, and that record opens on a page of its own.
p17
Drop to the footer.
p18
Rows per page, a count of what matched, and the page arrows.
p19
Set it once, read the counter, and you always know how many records you are working through.
p20
Jump to Refund Reasons.
p21
Same page, lighter version.
p22
One tile, one column, the same add button.
p23
The fields change from list to list, but the shape holds.
p24
That is the whole point of learning it once.
p25
Back on Cancellation Reasons, click a row.
p26
And notice what does not happen.
p27
No detail page opens.
p28
This lean reference list keeps you right here;
p29
its only record action is that green New Record button.
p30
Now scan the page for record buttons.
p31
There is no Back, no Edit, no Delete.
p32
On richer record types you will meet that three-button band; this list simply never grew one.
p33
Everything it can do sits in New Record.
p34
Before we open the form, learn its two exits.
p35
Cancel walks away clean.
p36
Save Changes writes to the shared tenant, so on the demo you always leave through Cancel.
p37
A star marks anything the form requires.
p38
And the delete rule still applies, even without a Delete button here.
p39
Where other record types carry one, it always asks first.
p40
Choose No, Keep at that confirmation,
p41
and treat Yes, Delete as off-limits on anything you did not create.
p42
Back on the list, open New Record.
p43
The same form again, blank this time, ready for a fresh entry.
p44
You are only here to see the layout, so close it the way you closed the edit: Cancel.
p45
Nothing gets added.
p46
So that is the pattern on this lean list.
p47
List, then New Record, then the form, and Cancel back out.
p48
Two exits keep you safe: Cancel out of a form, No, Keep out of any delete you meet elsewhere.
p49
One demo quirk to expect: the form header may name a sample record over a blank form.
p50
That is the tenant, not a bug.
p51
Richer record types add the detail view, and this rhythm carries straight into them.